This could not have gone more wrong.
What happened?
We've spent a couple of months
living your life.
Adventures and victories.
And now...
we're living my life.
[grunts]
[snarling]
[screams]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[gasps and yelps]
[grunting]
[whispering]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[snarls]
[grunting]
[Trevor panting]
[gasps]
Next time,
find somewhere less dangerous to pee, huh?
Yeah.
This isn't my fault.
Quite fair. This one's on me.
I will make it right.
[Trevor] On your own?
We're outnumbered, they're bigger than us,
and they look quite annoyed.
You may want to crouch.
[screams]
Huh...
Look.
[Trevor] Where did they get that?
[Sypha] Perhaps it washed out
of the castle at Braila.
No wonder these creatures were so angry.
[Trevor] We disturbed them while
they were praying to it.
[man choking]
[gasping and choking]
Huh?
-[grunts]
-[yelps]
[wheezing]
[wretches]
[Sypha] It's a spell.
Murder wakes it up.
[Trevor] What kind of spell?
[Sypha] Resurrection.
It wouldn't have worked.
It's missing parts.
But he would have killed
these people to try.
[Trevor] And the other thing?
[Sypha] A sigil.
Sort of a magical code.
It will have the name of the person
he was trying to bring back from the dead.
Oh, let me guess.
It decodes as Vlad Dracula Tepes.
Why the fuck would anyone do that?
Hmm?
Would you do that?
Oh, exactly.
God, this is getting on my nerves.
I wish I could fucking kill you twice!
Shit!
[squeals]
What did you just say?
I said, "shit," okay?
[grunts]
Yes, it's just that you never,
you know, curse.
-[creature snarls]
-Oh!
I never used to,
and then all this happened.
And then you happened.
-Me?
-Yes, you.
I was nice.
And then I met you, and now I'm like you.
Oh, so it's my fault.
[grunts]
It's all your fault!
You did this to me!
[gasps]
I found you turned into a statue
in a fucking tomb!
[Sypha] And climbed all over me,
and since that moment everything
has been shit and--
-[roars]
-Aah!
I am fucking talking here!
[creatures squeal and roar]
And you turned me into someone
who says "shit."
Fuckity shit hairy arse-warts
giant slimy balls!
Shit!
[grunting]
[cries]
[blows landing]
[whimpering]
[sobbing]
Aah!
Human sacrifice really is back in fashion.
[panting]
Do we think this is about Dracula again?
I think these people are just
out of their minds.
And so we're not going to try
and reason with them.
[grunts]
No!
They were going to murder children.
[explosion]
Kids, lay down flat. Now!
[grunts]
[grunting]
[choking]
[bones snap]
[grunts]
[screams]
[panting]
[faint sobbing]
[inhales and sighs]
What's that thing?
I've only seen drawings in books.
He has a lot of names.
Most often, he's called the Grim Reaper.
Or just Death.
He's actually Death?
I mean, this is what Death looks like?
Because I was hoping for something nicer.
Nah.
Just people from an earlier time
trying to understand what
they were seeing.
There are elemental beings that just feed
on things in nature.
He's not Death. He just eats death.
So this is just a shrine to him,
you think?
People who still think
this is Death itself?
Paying tribute.
Maybe in the hope that he can give
Dracula back to them.
Don't get me wrong.
He's supposed to be lethal.
But he's not the sort of power
who can reach into Hell
and pull someone out.
The whole world's gone crazy.
And this big stone?
Flagstone.
Must have been prized up
from a town square somewhere.
What's the nearest place that would have
flagstones in their square?
[wind gusting]
[screams]
[crowd screaming]
[soft sobbing]
[whimpering]
[Trevor breathing heavily]
[Sypha panting and grunting]
[grunts]
[yells]
[cries out]
[grunts]
[both grunting]
[growls and yells]
[screams]
[howls]
[both breathing heavily]
This is getting harder.
[sarcastic] Really?
I hadn't noticed over the sound
of all my muscles and bones screaming.
Oh, God.
[moans]
You'll live.
God, I hope so.
What were they even looking for down here?
They can't need more weapons.
[Trevor] This stuff.
A lot of it is a good deal older.
Hmm.
[sniffs]
This stinks of magic.
They were looking for tools.
If we hadn't lost track of them,
these people would all still be alive.
Yeah.
This is where you're supposed to say
that it's not our fault, Trevor.
It's not.
But if we weren't so tired after
six weeks of this shit,
they would have had a better chance.
Oh, God.
[sighs]
Right.
We need to find somewhere safe to sleep.
[Sypha] And take tomorrow to rest
and think all this through.
[Trevor] Hmm.
I don't get it.
We killed Dracula.
And now we have to spend
the rest of our lives
making sure nobody brings him
back from the dead?
This is not what I agreed to.
This is where it all started, isn't it?
Targoviste.
[snarling]
Is that bastard wearing
the Belmont crest?
He is.
And that's a Speaker Magician with him.
And Sladek and Ivan didn't come out.
I know that. I've got eyes.
-Shh.
-This isn't fair.
I was one of Dracula's
first loyal followers.
He was going to give me everything.
And I was close.
So close to fixing it all.
But now I have to deal with a Belmont
and a mad magician?!
Varney, we need to go.
Go where?
This is where I'm supposed to be.
At the start of the war,
I came here to take Targoviste
and give it to Dracula as a gift.
Why is everyone making it so fucking hard?
Don't they know who I am?
No.
I'm Varney.
Night Mayor of London,
Terror of the British Isles,
king vampire cocksman of all Europe.
And I don't have to put up with this.
Go, go.
Back to the nest.
I'll have both of you
for my fucking dinner.
[crow caws]
[flies buzzing]
[urinating]
I should drink more water and less wine.
This is coming out as scabs and wax.
[zipper rasps]
[horse whinnies]
[sighs]
[nickers]
[growls]
"To the Alucard of the castle."
For God's sake.
Why I am the Alucard now?
To the Alucard of the castle.
We, the people of Danesti, beg your aid."
-[horse snorts]
-Night creatures,
vampires and terrible demons assault us,
and we know not why.
Our defenses weaken
and our numbers dwindle.
Please, sir, save our souls."
Save our souls.
[scoffs]
That's a good 20 miles away.
[horse snorts]
[whinnies]
You can shut up.
[grunts]
And you still kept on riding,
until you died from the pain
or the blood loss.
Or both.
[sighs]
You stay right there.
I'm not done with you yet.
[whinnies]
A bit less of your shit, please.
[horse snorts]
Hmm.
[flies buzzing]
[wind gusts]
[water pouring]
Oh, my God.
I'm turning into Belmont.
[kid] Frederator!